Ah, visiting Jinling halfway through
Come and see the fun
It was Uncle Xu
Long time no see.
Of course you are eligible
If it's fake, I'll eat him on the spot
Hmm it's true
Did Master Su hear?
If you lose, don't kneel down and admit your mistake
Don't deceive too much
Do you still want fame and fortune?
It's normal for him to lose and fulfill the bet, right?
Don't worry, young man.
I'm not finished yet.
This is indeed the heart of the ocean
But you are in Tanzania
Also known as the time of doom
The wearer will die
And his full name is Ocean Heart Hope
45.52 carats
It has an extremely rare dark blue color
What do you mean?
It's simple. It's the heart of the ocean. It's hope.
It's not really the heart of the ocean.